Add Support for Excess Income Report (#604)
KapJI/capital-gains-calculator: README.md

cgt-calc --year 2024 --raw sharesight_trxs_dir/
```

</details>
 <br />

### Offshore fund-specific instructions

For correct taxation on [offshore funds](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/offshore-funds-self-assessment-helpsheet-hs265/hs265-offshore-funds) you need to specify the yearly excess reported income (ERI) from each fund you have owned.
You can find the full list of funds that requires this at [HMRC](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/offshore-funds-list-of-reporting-funds).

> The tool already includes such yearly history in the [resources folder](https://github.com/KapJI/capital-gains-calculator/blob/main/cgt_calc/resources/eri). You can check if you're fund is already included, or provide a custom ERI history file using the instructions below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool already includes such yearly history in the [resources folder](https://github.com/KapJI/capital-gains-calculator/blob/main/cgt_calc/resources/eri). You can check if your fund is already included, or provide a custom ERI history file following the instructions [here](https://github.com/KapJI/capital-gains-calculator/blob/main/excess_reported_income_sources.md)). We strongly suggest sharing compiled ERI data so it can be added to the package as it can save significant time to other users that hold the same fund.
```

The ERI funds are indexed by ISIN and the tool provides automatic translation from ISIN to tickers, in case your broker doesn't supply the ISIN in their transaction history. For instructions on how to override ISIN translation look at the Extra options section below.

> There are few **unsupported** functionality at the moment for taxation on offshore funds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few **unsupported** functionalities at the moment for taxation on offshore funds:
```

</details>
 <br />
<details>
    <summary>🏦 Instructions for Xtrackers funds</summary>

DWS UK publishes the Reportable Income yearly report at the bottom of this page:
https://etf.dws.com/en-gb/information/etf-documents/reportings/

They are split XTrackers (stocks ETF), XTrackers II (bonds ETF) and XTrackers IE (other stocks ETF).

Columns mapping to ERI_RAW:

-   **ISIN:** same name column
-   **Fund Reporting Period End Date:** Period Ended date at the top of the PDF
-   **Currency:** Share class currency column
-   **Excess of reporting income over distribution:** Excess reported income per share column
</details>
 <br />
<details>
    <summary>🏦 Instructions for Amundi funds</summary>

Amundi UK publishes the Reportable Income yearly report at the bottom of this page:
https://www.amundietf.co.uk/en/individual/resources/document-library?documentType=uktaxcalculation

They are split XTrackers (stocks ETF), XTrackers II (bonds ETF) and XTrackers IE (other stocks ETF).

Columns mapping to ERI_RAW:

-   **ISIN:** same name column
-   **Fund Reporting Period End Date:** Reporting Period End Date column
-   **Currency:** Currency of the following amounts column

> -   **Excess of reporting income over distribution:** Per unit excess reportable income over distributions in respect of the reporting period column

Reviewer: move to `excess_reported_income_sources.md`
